not
[Music]
two
This festival is more important in the town during the year because they participate
many people many people from outside other nations
and from many sides
[Music and
and I started another 17-year-old nothing of his firecrackers
I am now 67 years old and I am still in this tradition until
I can't anymore, not yet
a group like thieves and a group of muleteers
thieves were practically the people who had a little more than
resources at that time the thieves but they were dedicated to wanting
rob these people so that for the people most in need
I am proud of the tradition that has been generated for more than 400
years suppose because my parents the parents of my parents and the grandparents of my
parents already brought this tradition for me such a long time I will achieve
it is not not to use it and I liked it because it was more action but thieves who did not come out
previously some normal thunder was made to the thickness of my finger nothing more
they had knowledge of two people who are currently here
we know as generals
of gunshot wars that were formerly in the ancestors
[Music]
ah
[Applause] [Music]
[Music]
to
If you hit 5 firecrackers, the pressure is strong and you can fracture one hand
that is [Music]
the capitals of the image that we currently know are not against these
of these detonations what happens is that we are against those of the
mess ah
[Music]
ah
I don't love stress I like them for me it's not dangerous they liked that I have myself
and the more thunder the more I see